Add notes on polyglot programming (#443)
temporalio/documentation: docs/concepts/workers.md

- [PHP SDK](/docs/php/workers)
- [Node SDK](/docs/node/hello-world/#worker)

> Note that [Temporal also supports a polyglot programming model](https://github.com/tsurdilo/temporal-polyglot) because you can signal external workflows. This means that workflows can be run independently of teams maintaining microservices in different languages.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that [Temporal also supports a polyglot programming model](https://github.com/tsurdilo/temporal-polyglot) because you can start workflows by string name and send signals between workflows.
This means that workflows can be run independently of teams maintaining microservices in different languages.
```

- [PHP SDK](/docs/php/workers)
- [Node SDK](/docs/node/hello-world/#worker)

> Note that [Temporal also supports a polyglot programming model](https://github.com/tsurdilo/temporal-polyglot) because you can start workflows by string name and send signals between workflows.

Author: ```suggestion
Note that [Temporal also supports a polyglot programming model](https://github.com/tsurdilo/temporal-polyglot) because you can start workflows by string name and send signals between workflows, including across namespace boundaries.
```
